TRUE

Get Rich Click 
More Prizes, More Winners!

Dear Get Rich Click player,

When was the last time you won something?

Get Rich Click has all sorts of new sponsors. And every one
of them has a great offer for Get Rich Click players. Our
sponsors want to give away prizes ranging from free
subscriptions to magazines to career advice, Super Bowl
tickets, free trips, and cash.

Interested? It's never been easier to run into a great offer
at Get Rich Click. Come back now! Click here:
http://www.getrichclick.com

************
But First...
************
Enter to win $25,000 and get a Free Hotel Night! Just click
here for a $1 trial membership in NetMarket, the Internet's
premier discount shopping site:
http://www.netmarket.com/MEM/scripts/outsidePromo.asp?ref=yoyo_shp01

Fast Company EZVenture gives you FREE business articles,
PLUS, you could win YOUR CHOICE of a BMW Z3 convertible,
$100,000, shares of Microsoft stock, or a home office
computer. Go there and get your chances to win now:
http://play.ezventure.com/ezv/start.htm?XXsrc=80431031

A crazy-funny-cool trivia book with a $10,000 prize? PLUS
chocolate, nail polish, cats, barnyard animals, and more?
That's the Totally Terrific Trivia Challenge. Check it out:
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0425163598/yoyodyne

*************
Your Entries
*************
You have 1 entry! You're now eligible to win a fabulous
Yoyodyne T-shirt. Find and click the "Win" button one more
time and you could be sunning yourself in the Caribbean. Two
more clicks and you might be posing with one of those BIG
checks for $100,000!

***********
Need Help?
***********
We wouldn't leave you in the dark! Find everything you need
by visiting these locations, created especially for you:
How to Play and FAQ: http://www.getrichclick.com/htp.htm
Official Rules: http://www.getrichclick.com/rules.htm

To quit the game, please visit the Get Rich Click Customer
Service Center ( http://www.getrichclick.com/service ), where
you can also submit a stop e-mail request or submit a
change-of-address notification. For further customer
service, please write to grchelp@yoyo.com.

Good luck in Get Rich Click!

---
Yoyodyne Entertainment, c. 1998
http://www.yoyo.com
http://www.getrichclick.com

