TRUE

Just read this!

This really works. YOU OWE IT TO YOURSELF to listen to me. I have enough
money from this to buy almost everything and I mean everything. 

First, I would like to start off by telling you that I am only 18 and 
ROLLING in cash. This WORKS, and the WHOLE WORLD GUARANTEES IT! But you 
MUST follow my instructions to the letter. Once you get the hang of it
though, it's really easy. So if you want some extra cash, and would like
to earn it by doing nothing, then it's worth it. All you have to do is
follow the directions and you'll make a ton!. To get the details, read
it on ......................

THIS REALLY CAN MAKE YOU EASY MONEY! A little while back, I was browsing

some newsgroups and came across an article similar to this that said you

could make thousands of dollars within weeks with only an initial
investment of $30.00! So I thought, Ok why not try this, if its a scam
I'll only lose $30.00." Besides, it's so simple - no complicated stuff
like mailing disks to people [some of the others are based on selling
computer disks or news letters to people]. Anyway, it told me to send
$5.00 to each of the 6 people on the list.

You then place your own name and address in the bottom of the list at
#6, and post the article in some newsgroups (there are literally
thousands). No catch, that was it. So I thought 'hey, what have I got to
lose except six stamps and a few bucks, right?' But like most of you I
was still a little skeptical and a little worried about the legal
aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office
(1-800-725-2161) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal! I then
invested the measly $30.00, and stamps.

Well, GUESS WHAT.....within 7 days, I started getting money in the mail!

I was shocked! I still figured it would end soon, and didn't give it
another thought. I had done an experiment, and I made back my $7.92. But
the money just kept coming in. In my first week, I made about $180.00
dollars. By the end of the second week I had made a total of over
5,000.00!!!!!! In the third week I had over $50,000.00 and it's still
growing. This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of just over

                                $210,000.00 

and it's still coming in VERY rapidly! It's certainly worth
$30.00, and 6 stamps, You could spend more than that on the lottery!!

Let me tell you how this works and most importantly, WHY it works.....
also, you might want to print a copy of this article, so you can refer
to it as needed. The process is very simple and consists of 3 easy
steps:

STEP 1: Get 6 separate pieces of paper and write the following on each
one:

"PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST" + your name and address.

Now get six U.S. $5.00 bills and place ONE inside EACH of the 6 pieces
of paper and fold it over (wrap the money with at lease 3 sheet of paper)
so the bill will not be seen through the envelope (to prevent theft). Now, 
put one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them. You should 
now have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the 
above phrase, your name, your address, and a U.S $5.00 bill.

STEP 2: Mail the 6 envelopes to the following addresses:


1)
David Jones
6859 Gray Avenue
Burnaby, BC
V5J 3Y9 Canada

2)
Arthur
3851 Vineland Avenue
Studio City, CA
91604-3913

3)
Ron Erickson
P.O. Box 87627
Phoenix, AZ
85080

4)
Brandon Tillman
Rt.2 Box 313-J
Ash Grove, MO
65604

5)
Tann
5 JLN S.U.7,
Taman Selayang Utama,
68100 Batu Caves,
Selangor, West Malaysia.

6)
Kogler
LSH 7
8454 Arnfels
AUSTRIA

STEP 3: Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the
other names up (#6 becomes #5, #5 becomes #4, etc...) and add YOUR Name
as #6 on the list.

STEP 4: Change anything you need to, but try to keep this article as
close to original as possible. Now, post your amended article to some
newsgroups (I think there are close to 24,000 newsgroups) and/or email
it to some people. remember, the more you post, the more money you make!

Don't know HOW to post in the newsgroups? Well do exactly the following:

------------------------------------------------------------

DIRECTIONS - HOW TO POST TO NEWSGROUPS
------------------------------------------------------------

Step 1: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own
posting. Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter, click
and hold down your mouse button. While continuing to hold down the mouse

button, drag your cursor to the bottom of this document and over to just

after the last character, and release the mouse button. At this
point the entire letter should be highlighted. Then, from the 'edit'
pull down menu at the top of your screen select 'copy'. This will copy
the entire letter into the computers memory.

Step 2: Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of
the blank page. From the 'edit' pull down menu select 'paste'. This will

paste a copy of the letter into notepad so that you can add your name to

the list. Remember to eliminate the #1 position, move everyone up a spot

(re-number everyone elses positions), and add YOURSELF in as #6.

Step 3: Save your new notepad file.

---------------------------------------
FOR NETSCAPE NAVIGATOR USERS:
---------------------------------------
Step 4: Within the Netscape program, go to the pull-down window entitled

'Window' select 'NetscapeNews'. Then from the pull down menu 'Options',
select 'Show all Newsgroups'. After a few moments a list of all the
newsgroups on your server will show up. Click on any newsgroup you
desire. From within this newsgroup, click on the 'TO NEWS' button, which

should be in the top left corner of the newsgroups page.
This will bring up a message box.

Step 5: Fill in the Subject. This will be the header that everyone sees
as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group.

Step 6: Highlight the entire contents of your .txt file and copy them
using the same technique as before. Go back to the newsgroup 'TO NEWS'
posting you are creating and paste the letter into the body of your
posting.

Step 7: Hit the 'Send' Button in the upper left corner. You're done with

your first one! Congratulations...

-----------------------------------------------
INTERNET EXPLORER USERS:
-----------------------------------------------
Step 4: Go to newsgroups and select 'Post an Article' or 'New Message.'

Step 5: Fill in the subject. This will be the header that everyone sees
as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group.

Step 6: Highlight the entire contents of your .txt file and copy them
using the same technique as before. Go back to the newsgroup 'TO NEWS'
posting you are creating and paste the letter into the body of your
posting.

Step 7: Hit the 'Send' Button in the upper left corner. You're done with

your first one! Congratulations...

------------------------------------------------------------

THAT'S IT! All you have to do is jump to different newsgroupes and post
away, after you get the hang of it, it will take about 30 seconds for
each newsgroup!
**THE MORE NEWSGROUPS YOU POST IN, THE MORE MONEY YOU WILL**
**MAKE!!**

That's it! You will begin reciving money from around the world within
days! You may eventually want to rent a P.O.Box due to the large amount
of mail you receive. If you wish to stay anonymous, you can invent a
name to use, as long as the postman will deliver it. **JUST MAKE SURE
ALL THE ADDRESSES ARE CORRECT.**

Now the WHY part: Out of 200 postings, say I receive only 5 replies (a
very low example). So then I made $25.00 with my name at #6 on the
letter. Now, each of the 5 persons who just sent me $5.00 make 200
postings, each with my name at #5 and only 5 persons respond to each of
the original 5, that is another $125.00 for me, now those 25 each make
200 posts with my name at #4 and only 5 replies each, I will bring in an

additional $625.00! Now, those 125 persons turn around and post 200 with

my name at #3 and only receive 5 replies each, I will make an additional

$3,130.00! OK, now here is the fun part, each of those 625 persons post
200 letters with my name at #2 and they each only receive 5 replies,
that just made me $15,625.00!!! Those 3,125 persons will all deliver
this message to 200 newsgroups with my name at #1 and if still 5 persons

per 200 newsgroups react I will receive $78,125,00! With a original
investment of only $30.00! AMAZING! And as I said 5 responses is
actually
VERY LOW! Average is probably 20 to 30! So lets put those figures at
just 15 responses per person. Here is what you could make:

at #6 $75.00
at #5 $1,125.00
at #4 $16,875.00
at #3 $253,125.00
at #2 $3,796,875.00
at #1 $56,953,125.00

When your name is no longer on the list, you just take the latest
posting in the newsgroups, and send out another $30.00 to names on the
list, putting your name at number 6 again. And start posting again. The
thing to remember is, do you realize that thousands of people all over
the world are joining the internet and reading these articles everyday,
JUST LIKE YOU are now!! So can you afford $30.00 and see if it really
works?? I think so...

People have said, "what if the plan is played out and no one sends you
the money? So what! What are the chances of that happening when there
are tons of new honest users and new honest peoplewho are joining the
internet and newsgroups everday and are willing to give it a try?

Estimates are at 20,000 to 50,000 new users, every day, with thousands
of those joining the actual internet. Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY

and this will work. You just have to be honest. Make sure you print this

article out RIGHT NOW, also.

Try to keep a list of everyone that sends you money and always keep an
eye on the newsgroups to make sure everyone is playing fairly. Remember,

HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY. You don't need to cheat the basic idea to
make the money!! GOOD LUCK to all and please play fairly and reap the
huge rewards from this,which is tons of extra CASH.

Remember if you are young like me that your parents may think you aren't
responsible enough for this much money. So I really suggest keeping it
quiet. I don't suggest going out and buying a brand new car instantly.
The way I found best is to get a little part time job somewhere and tell
them you are saving up all your money. This will show them that you are
responsible and when you start to buy things they won't hassle you much.
However, this is just the way my parents are, it may not be a big deal
with different people. Let's just try to keep good judgement.
P.S. - If you have read this far, then spend the next two hours posting
to 200 of your favorite newsgroups. You will become wealthy beyond your
wildest dreams. 

***** REMEMBER TO FOLLOW  THE INSTRUCTIONS EXACTLY ! ! ! *****
************* OR IT WILL NOT WORK PROPERLY !! *************************

